# subspace_product_api

SubspaceProductApi - JavaScript client for subspace_product_api
# Introduction

The Subspace API is based on REST, has resource-oriented URLs, returns JSON-encoded responses, and returns standardHTTP response codes.

The base URL for the API is `https://api.subspace.com/`

# Naming Convention

**EARLY ACCESS NOTE:** There is no “stable” version yet.  Once there is, the version name **stable** will be used to access the latest stable API version.
  * Example: `https://api.subspace.com/stable`
* Version name currently in use is: *v1*
  * Example: `https://api.subspace.com/v1`

# Authentication

## API Tokens

Subspace authenticates your API requests using JWT Bearer tokens.  The provided client library requires this JWT to be set before it can be used, by setting the local access token in the local configuration.  This is done by updating the configuration line marked "YOUR ACCESS TOKEN" by replacing the text "YOUR ACCESS TOKEN" with your JWT Bearer token.

Bearer tokens are granted by requesting one (as noted below) and presenting your publishable (client_id) and secret (client_secret) tokens.   

Subspace provides two types of API tokens: publishable (client_id) and secret (client_secret).  These are available in the Subspace console.
  * **Publishable** API tokens (client_id) are meant solely to identify your account with Subspace, they aren’t secret. They can be published in places like your website JavaScript code, or in an iPhone or Android app.
  * **Secret** API tokens (client_secret) should be kept confidential and only stored on your own servers. Your account’s secret API token will allow you to acquire a valid JWT token authorized to perform any API request to Subspace.

## Getting a JWT Bearer Token

Subspace uses auth0 for JWT token management.  You can acquire a JWT token by utilizing `https://id.subspace.com` and following the instructions in the curl example below.

## Protecting Your API Tokens

  * **JWT tokens have a expiration time of 24 hours.**  Once expired, you will have to use your Subspace private API and public token to request a new one.
  * The Subspace private token can be rotated from within the Subspace console.  Rotation may take up to 10 minutes for all systems to update state to invalidate the older token and enable the new one.
* **Keep your secret token safe.** Your secret token can make any API call on behalf of your account, including changes that may impact billing such as enabling pay-as-you-go charges. Do not store your secret token in your version control system. Do not use your secret token outside your web server, such as a browser, mobile app, or distributed file.
  * **You may use the Subspace console to acquire an API token.**
 * **You may use the Subspace console to disable pay-as-you-go.** This may prevent unexpected charges due to unauthorized or abnormal usage.

**Acquiring a valid JWT**

Command line example:
```
curl --request POST 
         --url 'https://id.subspace.com/oauth/token' 
         --header 'content-type: application/json' 
         --data '{ "client_id": "YOURCLIENTID", "client_secret": "YOURCLIENTSECRET", "audience": "https://api.subspace.com/", "grant_type": "client_credentials" }'
```

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0
- Package version: 1.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://subspace.com](https://subspace.com)

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install @subspaceinc/javascript-client --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your subspace_product_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/subspace-com/subspace_javascript_openapi_client
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install subspace-com/subspace_javascript_openapi_client --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
import { ApiClient, AcceleratorServiceAPI, Body } from '@subspaceinc/javascript-client'

var defaultClient = ApiClient.instance;
// Configure OAuth2 access token for authorization: accessCode
var accessCode = defaultClient.authentications['accessCode'];
accessCode.accessToken = "YOUR ACCESS TOKEN"

var api = new AcceleratorServiceApi()
var body = new Body(); // {Body} Required parameters to create a new PacketAccelerator.  NOTE- only subspace_port is optional
var opts = {
  'idempotencyKey': "idempotencyKey_example" // {String} Value is the returned etag of a get request.  If a retry sends an Idempotency-Key that has been seen before, the existing accelerator is returned with the status code of 200.  This is optional.
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.acceleratorServiceCreate(body, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.subspace.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SubspaceProductApi.AcceleratorServiceApi* | [**acceleratorServiceCreate**](docs/AcceleratorServiceApi.md#acceleratorServiceCreate) | **POST** /v1/accelerators | CreateAccelerator
*SubspaceProductApi.AcceleratorServiceApi* | [**acceleratorServiceDelete**](docs/AcceleratorServiceApi.md#acceleratorServiceDelete) | **DELETE** /v1/accelerators/{id} | DeleteAccelerator
*SubspaceProductApi.AcceleratorServiceApi* | [**acceleratorServiceGet**](docs/AcceleratorServiceApi.md#acceleratorServiceGet) | **GET** /v1/accelerators/{id} | GetAccelerator
*SubspaceProductApi.AcceleratorServiceApi* | [**acceleratorServiceList**](docs/AcceleratorServiceApi.md#acceleratorServiceList) | **GET** /v1/accelerators | ListAccelerators
*SubspaceProductApi.AcceleratorServiceApi* | [**acceleratorServiceUpdate**](docs/AcceleratorServiceApi.md#acceleratorServiceUpdate) | **PUT** /v1/accelerators/{id} | UpdateAccelerator
*SubspaceProductApi.SipTeleportServiceApi* | [**sipTeleportServiceCreate**](docs/SipTeleportServiceApi.md#sipTeleportServiceCreate) | **POST** /v1/sip-teleports | CreateSipTeleport
*SubspaceProductApi.SipTeleportServiceApi* | [**sipTeleportServiceDelete**](docs/SipTeleportServiceApi.md#sipTeleportServiceDelete) | **DELETE** /v1/sip-teleports/{id} | DeleteSipTeleport
*SubspaceProductApi.SipTeleportServiceApi* | [**sipTeleportServiceGet**](docs/SipTeleportServiceApi.md#sipTeleportServiceGet) | **GET** /v1/sip-teleports/{id} | GetSipTeleport
*SubspaceProductApi.SipTeleportServiceApi* | [**sipTeleportServiceList**](docs/SipTeleportServiceApi.md#sipTeleportServiceList) | **GET** /v1/sip-teleports | ListSipTeleports
*SubspaceProductApi.SipTeleportServiceApi* | [**sipTeleportServiceUpdate**](docs/SipTeleportServiceApi.md#sipTeleportServiceUpdate) | **PUT** /v1/sip-teleports/{id} | UpdateSipTeleport


## Documentation for Models

 - [SubspaceProductApi.Body](docs/Body.md)
 - [SubspaceProductApi.Body1](docs/Body1.md)
 - [SubspaceProductApi.ProtobufAny](docs/ProtobufAny.md)
 - [SubspaceProductApi.RpcStatus](docs/RpcStatus.md)
 - [SubspaceProductApi.V1Accelerator](docs/V1Accelerator.md)
 - [SubspaceProductApi.V1ListAcceleratorsResponse](docs/V1ListAcceleratorsResponse.md)
 - [SubspaceProductApi.V1ListSipTeleportResponse](docs/V1ListSipTeleportResponse.md)
 - [SubspaceProductApi.V1NextPage](docs/V1NextPage.md)
 - [SubspaceProductApi.V1Protocol](docs/V1Protocol.md)
 - [SubspaceProductApi.V1SipTeleportResponse](docs/V1SipTeleportResponse.md)
 - [SubspaceProductApi.V1SipTeleportStatus](docs/V1SipTeleportStatus.md)
 - [SubspaceProductApi.V1TeleportAddresses](docs/V1TeleportAddresses.md)
 - [SubspaceProductApi.V1TransportType](docs/V1TransportType.md)


## Documentation for Authorization



### accessCode


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: application
- **Authorization URL**: 
- **Scopes**: 
  - accelerators:read: allows reading details about provisioned PacketAccelerators
  - accelerators:write: allows administration of PacketAccelerators
  - sipteleport:read: allows reading details about provisioned SIPTeleport
  - sipteleport:write: allows administration of SIPTeleport

